. hi Jin Ying this is Robert, your English
teacher. so why don't you tell me a little bit
about yourself and why you want to learn English. I speak basic in English I use. trance translator translator yes. I have English exam in two weeks please
teach me. Yes, of course I'll teach you. Ah thank you Mr. Robert, thank you very much. Right let's start with the basics. my name is Roberts so repeat after me my
name is Jin my name G my name is Jin ah. my name is G very good is very good
please listen carefully and repeat after. me
my name is Jin what is your name what. what what your name
what is your name my name is G yeah. what ah what your name is very much
my name is what's your name very good. very good very good
my magic you'll love it yes my ring in. it my name is G your name is Robert
fantastic very good start. I'm sorry I'm late London traffic can be
a nightmare ah you say sorry not pardon. ah yes we say pardon when we want
somebody to repeat something we say. pardon when somebody repeat yes pardon. pardon. mr. robber I asked question you don't
have to call me mr. Robert you can call. me your problem
yes mr. Radha no no never mind what do. you want to ask me are you happy. yes I'm very happy to be your English
teacher. okay good let's move on. so that's the kind of thing you'd say if
you were socializing with a group of. friends for example repeat after me
you are my friend no sorry. you are my friend ah you are my friend
friend very good friend Jim hmm. why did you transfer me 700 pounds for
such a short list. ah because you are my friend no no I am
your teacher you are my student yeah yes. you make me happy and you give me good
English lesson yeah that's very kind of. you but I can't accept that money so I'm
gonna have to transfer that money back. to you this evening tomorrow I have exam
if I pass you keep money if I don't pass. I give you money back yes that sounds
like a bribe to me how mr. Roberge our. new bride no no no brighter. okay keep me posted on your exam results
okay mister but I will not let you down. Oh mr. Robert I want to thank you so
much for your lesson you give me I. before I meet you I I have no English
and now I can send you this video speak. good good English I want to say part
note sorry I want to say sorry is the. Robin I'm so sorry for you
for the loss of your wife. Amelia it was it was me who hit the car
of your wife and I was late for work I. was too scared
oh and help solve a. I want to send you money so I learn
English so I can all love guys. I know many stories wouldn't bring your
wife back but now you know at least you. killed your wife. I. I am your... friend Mr. Robert